Support new time format in log subcommand (#12)
VanuPhantom/skrive: README.md

## Usage
```
skrive [-f path to doses.dat]
skrive log [-f path to doses.dat] [<quantity> <substance> <route> [time-spec]]
```

> The log command accepts time formats like `1h30m` or `90` for backdating doses e.g. 90 minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The log command's time argument can be formatted using either `dhm` formatting or as a number of minutes.  
For example, 90 minutes can be formatted as follows;
- `1h30m`
- `1h30`
- `90`
```

> The log command accepts time formats like `1h30m` or `90` for backdating doses e.g. 90 minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The log command's time argument can be formatted using either `dhm` formatting or as a number of minutes.  
For example, 90 minutes can be formatted as follows;
- `1h30m`
- `1h30`
- `90`
```
